Wang Er, come and sit
Baoer's mother goes back
I thought about it and thought about it.
This only makes you a CFO
It's really not enough to recognize
Everything you've done for the company
This old woman has really hit the road
Oh hey
This is mom
The appointment document just signed
From today onwards
You are the Lun of the Civil Bloc Council
Deputy Minister
In addition, the shares under Chu Shan's name
It has also been transferred to your name.
With the shares in your hands
So what if you add the deep shares?
I am still the largest shareholder of Lin's
Let you be Sun Wukong
Don't even think about digging out my Wuzhishan
I remember our company rotated - 10,000 Zhang
For only one year
Although the shares are in hand
The real power of the company
Still in the hands of the old woman
Want to compete for voting rights in the family council
Not now.
However, the Taoist priest can take the opportunity
Asking for some de facto control of the company
There's a lot of appetite in this position
In order to get the project back
We need to increase the chip score
Ding Fan, how did you talk to your mother?
How mom rewards you is mom's business
How can you?
Sam
It's not weird.
On the contrary, it is indeed the mother's routine that is not good
In this way, Chu Sheng has been demoted to an ordinary employee
Mom decided?
The projects that Chu Sheng was in charge of before
Leave it all to you instead
Hahahaha
Thank you, I will definitely work hard.
Bring the project to you
This old woman is finally willing to sacrifice her money
Have these projects in hand
You can find an opportunity
How about Canada giving you a project?
As long as there is a controlling stake
I want to replace you in the future
Righteousness